This project aims to create a simple website for a restaurant, allowing users to explore sections such as the home page, contact information, and menu options.

Project Overview:
The Restaurant Website project is a basic web application developed using HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript. It provides users with an easy-to-navigate interface to access information about the restaurant, including its menu and contact details.

Features:
Home Page: The home page presents users with an overview of the restaurant.

Menu Options: Users can explore the restaurant's menu options by clicking on the respective links provided on the home page. Each menu option directs the user to a dedicated page displaying details of that specific menu category.

Contact Information: The contact page allows users to view the restaurant's contact information, including address, phone number, and email. However, please note that the website does not store any customer information submitted at the moment

Project Structure:
index.html: The main HTML file containing the structure of the home page.
contact.html: HTML file presenting the contact information of the restaurant.
menu.html: HTML files representing different menu categories.
styles.css: CSS file containing the styles and layout for the website.
main.js: The bundled JavaScript file generated by webpack for optimized loading and execution..
Installation and Usage:
To run the Restaurant Website project locally, follow these steps:

Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:
git clone <repository-url>
Open the project directory in your preferred code editor.

Launch the website by opening the index.html file in a web browser of your choice.

Explore the different sections of the website, including the home page, contact page, and menu options.

Bon appétit! 🍽️🥂




